Kazbiel Daetoris:
Items of Significance:

A simple longsword he carries with him.
The crest of his family line, the Daetoris family, hanging on a chain around his neck.
People of Significance:

His drow mother, the illustrious Duchess Olonida Daetoris, who decreed that Kasbiel be banished from the Reznor Dominion after his taboo dealings with a dark entity and subverting her will in a state matter.
His human father, an unnamed and unknown consort of his mother. Kasbiel was an unexpected child.
His older drow sister, Indra Daetoris, a talented spellcaster and illusionist. She is their mother’s favorite.
His older drow brother, Yuminar Daetoris, a gifted swordfighter whose skill with a rapier earned him much renown. He always had a strong rivalry with Kasbiel.
His patron, The Fiend. The entity came to him one night, speaking to him from a smoldering fire. The flames burned blue, and it promised him power to distinguish himself amongst his pure-blooded siblings. After accepting its offer, a small brand appeared on his chest over his heart, in the shape of a bident with a flame in the center.
Wants and Dreams:

To redeem himself in the eyes of his mother and family in the Reznor.
To learn more about his new powers, and what the cost of accepting them may be.
Visual Elements:

Half-elf (drow/human) with pale gray skin, black styled hair, and a well-kept goatee.
Vibrant light blue eyes, that seem to faintly shimmer in certain circumstances (strong emotions, anger).
Relatively expensive garb for a traveler, stands out.
Personality Traits/Backstory:

Kas accepted the offer of the Fiend, knowing there would be a price to pay one day, but affirming that it would be worth it if he could contribute to the challenges ahead and impress his mother. This backfired, when he accidentally revealed his new powers and exposed himself as a dealer with the devil. This is deeply taboo within the Reznor Dominion, given their history of devil/demon worship in the distant past.
Dhamiria (Thoughtful Aim):
Items of Significance:

Dhamiria wields a glaive with a simple iron blade and raven feather adornment. It was given as a parting gift in a ceremony from her tribe/village when she left.
She wears waist beads representing the significance of her maternal lineage. Different colors representing their roles, and it is a piece of history she wears every day.
People of Significance:

Her mother (Safiri) told her that her father (Amani) died hunting when she was a young child.
The Village Chiefess, her Aunt Baraka (mother’s sister), taught Dhamiria the history of their tribe and ancestral wisdom. She is like a second mother to her.
Her Uncle Uso, the village weapons master, who taught her how to fight and use a glaive.
Wants and Dreams:

To bring honor to her tribe, the Kiburi, and by carrying on the history of her people and lineage.
To seeking other masters to train her about combat, the outside world, and more.
Dhamiria nurtures an intense curiosity about the outside world and will jump on opportunities to learn more about how other cultures and peoples live.
To find romance (even though she does not know she wants it. She is tender and romantic at heart.)
Hardline Beliefs:

She will not kill dishonorably or without compelling reason (not selfish reasons).
Dhamiria adheres to karmic belief - what you do gets passed on to your afterlife and your descendants, whether good or bad (this connects to why she won’t kill dishonorably).
She has a reverence and respect for life, the environment, and nature.
She is minimalist and makes use of everything. She will hunt and eat her kill when necessary with great respect for the animal/the earth/gifts from her ancestors.
Visual Elements:

Dark gray skin, bleach white hair in dreads, with an undercut to one side.
She is tall for both a woman and a drow, with powerful musculature.
Minimal face tattoos, accenting her features and traditional for all members of her tribe.
An arm sleeve of tattoos: one is decorative, telling a story of the ancestors, while the other arm is a blank canvas for her own conquests and adventures.
Personality Traits/Backstory:

Dhamiria left her tribe, the Kiburi people, and struck out on her own for her rite of passage to explore Ikesh and learn about the outside world.
She reveres her ancestors and the Raven Queen, the goddess of the transition between life and death.
Zephyr Cy:
Items of Significance:

A little book containing a short thesis about the chill touch cantrip written in 'high school': "Transmuting Gaseous Volumes into Respiratory Violence". Essentially, force-choke.
Earring wind chime gifted from parents as graduation gift.
Aeronaut goggles!! Like the pilots from world war 2. She very rarely wears them, usually has them slung about the neck and whatnot. Perhaps puts them on for serious situations or as reading glasses.
A simple folding kite used to perform experiments.
People of Significance:

Her parents: Harry Cain (Father) and Breeze (Mother). They are simple lower-class citizens of Lysanor. Possible air genasi ancestry somewhere in the family line. Harry works at a windmill grinding grain or something.
Typhon: former classmate and friend, he is of a higher class than Zephyr and still studies in Lysanor. His friendship and advice when Zephyr was unable to acquire sponsorship for upwards mobility are what encouraged her to head out on her own to acquire funding for her research. He was a friendly rival in their studies as well in high school.
Master Ook-Chin: An appropriate teaching type character. Friendly, intelligent, driven. He taught stuff, educated Zephyr about all sorts of things.
Wants and Dreams:

To develop and publish a full compilation of studies on aeromancy.
To own an airship (research vessel) and name it the Wandering Welkin.
To understand gravity, flight, kinematics, physics, apogees, cloud formation, lightning storms, friction, etc.
To become the God of the Sky. Why not?
Hardline Beliefs:

Safety first in all experiments. Lab assistants are not expendable.
There should be no limits (law-wise) on MY access to knowledge or the ability to acquire it.
Emotions are a necessary confounding variable of life. They make experiments more interesting. Do not become detached. Detached scientists are frowned upon.
Visual Elements:

Tan skin, green eyes, freckles, and long and wavy brown hair that sometimes stirs in an unnatural wind (especially when spellcasting)
A wind chime earring that makes a faint tinkling in the wind.
She wears pants with tall boots. No dresses or skirts to blow around in the wind. She also wears a regular white blouse, all very practical.
She owns a sunset-colored scarf that billows and flaps in the wind in a very dashing manner.
Her arcane focus is a homemade wand with a built-in barometer/thermometer.
She has a belt with lots of pockets and packs and loops and stuff.
Personality and Background:

She likes to use big vocabulary whenever possible.
There is nothing she likes more than a good mystery.
Her life’s work is to write a series of tomes related to the field of Aeromancy.
She tends to ignore sleep for days when conducting research or experiments. This often is hazardous to her (or her friends’) health.
She grew up in Lysanor, and her experiences shaped her into a curious young wizard. Her opportunities for further study and upwards mobility within the strictly structured society of Lysanor inspired her to leave and seek further education elsewhere, and to do her own research.
She has a chip on her shoulder about the way Lysanor operates; her hardworking parents will never earn a higher status, since they cannot contribute to academic pursuits, and coming from a poorer background she had no way to break through the barriers into the institutes of higher learning. Master Ook-Chin and Typhon tried to help her, but their attempts were shut down by people with more power than them, and Zephyr told them to stop trying, lest they endanger their own opportunities.
Ser of Olmothia:
Items of Significance:

Item 1: He carries with him a small locket that is imbued with a small spell – when you open it, it smells like the Olmoth Woods. Ser uses it to remind himself of home, in those moments when he feels most alone.
Item 2: A lute, which he uses to play music.
People of Significance:

Elder Hammond, a mentor and friend
Wants and Dreams:

More than anything, he wants to save his homeland of Oakheart from the spreading Darkness
To learn about the world. Having grown in an isolationist society, he did not quite fit in because he always wondered… about what else existed, about whether the policies he had been indoctrinated with were “good”. Now that he has left, he wants to learn all there is to learn.
Hardline Beliefs:

He trusts that most people are good. Perhaps to a fault.
Visual Elements:

Pale gray/blue skin with light fur
Auburn hair, lush and well-groomed on both head and beard
Large and muscular beneath his simple clothes
Personality Traits/Backstory:

Ser is full of teachings from the elders in Olmothia about how one should comport oneself, one’s place in the world, what is meant to be and what is not, etc. Bad things have been happening in the forest, and Ser feels he needs to find answers. He is very unsure, but determined to save his homeland, so he left, against the elders’ wisdom, to find out what is going on and put a stop to it.
The town I am from, Oakheart, is ruled by a council of elders. They are a conservative and wise group and have always found me naïve and childish in my impulsive nature (compared to them). The council is isolationist – while we trade conservatively with the surrounding area, socialization with outsiders is discouraged, and leaving the town is not acceptable. It is dangerous.  If the elders believe there is a true threat, they will contact the Alder Conclave, a group of ancient druids deep in the heart of the Olmoth Woods. Elder Hammond, a member of the council, is the only one who supported my desire to journey beyond our town. He agrees that the happenings are dangerous to our way of life.
One year ago, we began noticing changes in our forest. The bird songs were beginning to quiet; the night grew colder; our crops grew more slowly and less prolifically. The trees themselves began to look… sad. Overburdened. The council says these things are natural, that it is not the way of things to interfere with nature. But I think these things are distinctly unnatural. And it is our duty to protect Olmothia from the forces that would destroy her. Elder Hammond agrees with me. It is with his help that I was able to gather supplies to leave in the night. I left to find answers, and to save my people. I fear that by the time the council realizes the severity of the situation, it will be too late to do anything about the Darkness beginning to take over the forest.