Ser Primus
In the weeks and months that followed the Gemstone Dragon Crisis, Ser Primus's mind quieted and became contemplative. He traveled with his friends and performed many ballads of their adventures, contributing to a series of epic poems immortalized by bards for generations to come.

During this time, however, he reflected on all the damage that had been wrought by the Darkness, and his own role in releasing Atrexalon. Burdened by guilt, but eventually inspired to take action, he sought to make right the harm brought forth by his adventures.

Ser dreamed of establishing a Sanctuary, a place of peace, healing, introspection, song and thought, for all peoples of the world. Leveraging his wealth and legacy as a hero, Ser created the Stillwood Arboretum, a monastary-like retreat/resort within the Lanbour Tundra. As a traveler approaches this location, a feeling of calmness envelops them, and the air is perpetually scented with blooming flowers and the soft rustle of leaves. The sanctuary is a harmonious blend of architectural elegance and natural beauty.

This serene location drew inspiration from Oakheart, and consists of hundreds of retreat houses grown into the hearts of massive trees, at odds with the tundra landscape in the region. Lush hanging gardens immerse residents into nature, and wildlife from across Athendria lives among the roots and branches of the sanctuary. Still ponds and trickling brooks full of fish and wildlife thrive beneath the branches, and the trained keepers of the Arboretum are practiced in the art of Imagimancy, using their song of creation to manifest any material needs for their residents. Libraries and collections of books on philosophy gathered there, and many writers and poets created some of their greatest works while residing there.

Residents come from across Athendria to heal, garden, write, sleep, contemplate, and seek restoration. The Arboretum became a place where the weary and adventurous alike could find respite, guidance, and comfort on their life journeys. The simple pleasures of nature, simple living, and community healed and enriched all those who stayed. It is not just a place to get away from life and its struggles; the Arboretum is a place where the flickering flame of hope would be rekindled in every seeker's heart, a beacon guiding them through the dark, a testament to the strength of the spirit.

Ser spends many decades sequestering his substantial power into his +1 Rythym Makers Drum, building a contingency for the future generations to face down unknowable threats. He entrusts this project with Zephyr, seeking ways to protect and deliver it to heroes in the future, who may need his power one day.

Kazbiel Daetoris
In the years and decades that follow our Adventure in Athendria, our heroes went on to pursue a myriad of goals and adventures.

Kazbiel Daetoris, once known only as the exiled bastard half-drow son of Duchess Olonida Daetoris, emerged on the other side of the Gemstone Dragon Crisis (as it came to be known) a wealthy and famous hero. Kazbiel's story epitomizes the transformative power of resilience and compassion, selflessness and justice.

Kazbiel's many powerful connections with wizards, druids, heroes, outcasts, and political figures led to natural evolution into a public figure. His striking blue eyes, heroic legacy, inescapable charisma, persuasive power, and the complete support by the Drakelords all set the stage for his ascension as a diplomat for the Midlands.

After many years of hard work, building rapport with the Shadequeen (originating from his righteous stand in court against his traitorous mother), and working with the Magipalities to broker many profitable trade deals, Kazbiel personally oversaw the drafting and signing of the Darkspire Accords, a historic peace treaty between the Midlands and the Reznor Dominon, signed by the Drakelords and the Shadequeen herself in Kellenora Town Square.

In the decades that followed, Kazbiel continued to advocate for the exiled, the marginalized, the ostracized; he promoted equality and fought in political theatres across Athendria to address social injustices. Guided by his sense of right vs wrong, and inspired by the whispering, guiding voice of Sarendella, he stamped his mark upon the annals of history as a peacemaker and a beacon of hope and compassion. Much to his chagrin, some of the titles placed upon him by the Midlands and elsewhere led to being referred to by some as the Great Negotiator, and to others, the Blue Duke.

Inspired by Ser's Sanctuary and Zephyr's efforts to build infrastructure and design new things, Kazbiel was eventually involved in the establishment of the School of Harmony, a new branch of study in Lysanor for the study of political science and the nurturing of empathetic leaders. The school's curriculum emphasized understanding, diplomacy, and the ability to view issues from multiple perspectives. Kazbiel's vision of a more compassionate world lives on through the graduates of this school, shaping future generations and fostering a legacy of selflessness, aid, and unity.

Kazbiel Daetoris, once an outcast, became a symbol and advocate for change, proving that with resilience, empathy, and determination, anyone could rise above their circumstances and make an indelible mark on the world. His story serves as a reminder that even in our darkest moments, when hope is lost and it feels as if we have ruined our future, the potential for greatness resides within every individual, waiting to be unlocked and shared for the greater good.

Zephyr Cy
As the weeks became months, Zephyr Cy recovered her strength from the trials of Atrexalon and turned her attention to her longer term goals. As her clones matured within the Demiplane, Zephyr felt confident enough to embark on her most ambitious project yet: colonizing the derelict asteroid chunk of Stjarnaheim in orbit around Athendria.

It took her many years, but by collaborating with Archmage Vexyll and gathering many rare materials from across Athendria, Zephyr eventually succeeded in stabilizing the asteroid. Upon its barren surface, she built a mage's lair for her experiments into Astromancy. This orbiting laboratory base is visible from the surface of Athendria on a dark night, as a glinting satellite moving across the horizon. Within the climate controlled and gravity-compensated structure, Zephyr built fabulous creations, inspired by adventures. It took her decades, but she eventually completed her Astral Arcanium (a hub with Gate capabilities using the Tetrahedral Gate) for the Perilous Peryton to launch on adventures from using its one-of-a-kind Astral Drive. At the core of the facility, the Quintessahedron of Entropy resides, generating power for all of Zephyr's experiments. Roaming the halls of the structure, dozens of conjured creatures do her bidding (bound devils, aberrations, and elementals).

She now works on building the ultimate defender for Athendria, drawing from her experiences in Avernus with the Mighty Servant and the Spawn Grinder, the machinations of Thariune with the Shield Project, and her own creative genius. Having met the Primogenitor, and aware that safety is never assured in Athendria, she works towards defending the future from threats she hopes will never materialize. She frequently travels to Lysanor and Slateway, conferring with the members of the Occularis Exaltaris, and exploring the mystery of the Quintessahedrons. Through years of study and archelogy, she uncovered their true nature as creations of the Ascendants to house and focus the power of the Titans.

Zephyr eventually built somewhat of passing relationship with Lord Velcatrex of Delemont, as their mutual interests in immortality and magical capabilities proved to be mutually benefical. His vast trade empire proved invaluable to her designs for the asteroid, and his interest in the Perilous Peryton's Astral Engine was of the utmost interest to him.

Zephyr accepted the role of Archmage of Lysanor, appointed by Stroboghast and Vexyll, but it was primarily a symbolic title; she delegated operation of the city to the heads of the colleges, and rarely particpated in the city's management. The symbol of the Chimera was shifted to replace the head of the lion with that of a Pertyon. She collaborated with the college heads to establish a department for wizard dueling, enabling the growth of a complex sport of wizards and sorcerors demonstrating their best skills.

Dhamiria Goldfeather
In the aftermath of their adventures, Dhamiria decided to spend time with Dame Ova. After their engagement, the two of them set out on an adventure to help those on the east coast of Ikesh, bringing further fame and fortune to the both of them, and to Bhulgraz. Mittens joined them, joyful to be able to help with problems less massive. After several months of monster slaying, village saving, do-gooding and romance on the road, the pair returned to Bhulgraz to formally celebrate their wedding and have Dhamiria formally inducted into the Order of the Gilded Rose as an honorary petal. The event lasted several days, as a Bhulgrazian noble wedding is cause for celebration, and the Bhulgrazians know how to party. No expense was spared, and it was recorded as one of the more significant events in recent history for the city; a large amount of the city's silver cutlery went missing, in a strange event the locals attributed to some of the travelers who came to the city for the festivities. The couple chose the new surname of Goldfeather, to share and represent their new lives, bound together. Surprised by a strange lizardfolk man with purple scales residing in a smoking purple tent after an evening of fine dining in an alley in Bhulgraz, they both received massive coiling dragon tattoos crawling from ankle to waist to commemorate their life together.

In the ensuing months, Dhamiria returned to Nyumbani with Ova to discuss the future of her people. After much debate with Aunt Baraka, her parents, her uncle and the others in her tribe, it was agreed that the Kubiri would follow an open-borders policy going forward. With the Coronet of Lloth now safely in the hands of the Raven Queen, the ancestral role of their people is fulfilled, and the need for secrecy ends. Going forward, the Kubiri people began to leave their home and disperse into the surrounding countries, retaining their identity but no longer clinging to a secretive and solitary life. They became well known throughout Athendria as talented blacksmiths, fierce warriors, and deeply spiritual people. Many kubiri train with the deacons of the Raven Queen, aspiring to one day match the prowess and service of her one and only Chosen, Dhamiria. Several Kubiri were present for the Darkspire Accords, adding their own mark to Kazbiel's Magnum Opus and building a future of unity in Ikesh.

Years later, Ova and Dhamiria adopted one of the youngest orphans of Thariune's experiment, a half air-genasi boy with platinum blonde hair and blue eyes, named Leo Maynard Goldfeather. He grew up in Bhulgraz, and was openly explained the nature of his origins. His sorcerous talent was substantial, and he often traveled to Lysanor to train with the masters, honing his mage battling skills and practice the fine arts.

Dhamiria traveled often with Ova as their adventuring days went behind them, spending weeks and months abroad. They stayed at Ser's Arboretum, and visiting many of the cities of the world, to make up for Dhamriria's upbringing in isolation. They had decades of happy life together, as representatives of Bhulgraz and heroes of the Midlands.

After Ova's passing and Leo's maturity, Dhamiria retired to the mountains around Nyumbani. As she became less and less outgoing, she grew closer to the spirits of her ancestors, who are rumored to still walk the mountain passes. A legend to her people and those who revere the Raven Queen, she came to be known as the Arbiter of the Veil, the Chosen of the Shepardess. When called upon, she would emerge from the mountains, surrounded by a legion of her ancestors, to wield Dark Feather again and exact purification on practitioners of undeath, mass murderers, and others who would disrupt the nature cycle.

NPCs and Friends
Mittens
After traveling and adventuring more with Dhamiria and Ova, Mittens began to feel conflicted. While he still enjoyed the adventure and new experiences, he grew more and more detached from his role of slicing and mauling enemies. After a few years, he headed to Stillwood Arboretum to reflect and dwell on his future.

After months of introspection, poetry, and reading, Mittens decided he wanted a family of his own, and to begin writing on his own. With Ser and Dhamiria's help, he eventually connected with a group of the white moorbounders in the Darkspires, and found a mate within their ranks. Ser awakened her, with Mittens' confirmed consent from her, and she took the name of Boots. They lived in the Arboretum for many years, and had many kittens with dappled white and purple fur. Their offspring, while not capable of speech like their parents, went on to be known as Snowbounders, and were highly sought after companion animals known for their loyalty, intelligence, and speed.

Mittens eventually became an eminent philosopher, and spent the rest of his years speaking at events across Ikesh about his adventures and insights into the nature of consciousness. His unique perspectives are often cited in debates to this day.

Schnuffles, Gnasher and Snecko
These loyal mounts led the rest of their days at the Arboretum, and were beloved by many. Schnuffles never kept up with his mobility training, and his final years were spent in the loving embrace of strangers as they carried him through the compound from meals to events. Snecko lived alone in the treetops, and eventually dissappeared; rumors still linger about the watchful eyes of Snecko, for those who feel passing unease in their villas. Gnasher served as a guardian for the outskirts of the sanctuary for many years before retiring to a comfortable pond-side stable.

Harry and Breeze Cy
Zephyr's parents adopted Borasco from Zephyr and went on to establish a horse ranch on the outskirts of Drakkengrad. Many of the noble steeds descendants serve the Drakelords to this day, for those who cannot afford a Drake mount.

The Kobold Crew
The loyal kobolds of the Perilous Peryton were instrumental in helping Zephyr build her Astral Arcanium. Many of the brave crew grew old quickly, and returned to their isolated village in Ebrea to retired to lives of glory and fame among their people.

Archmage Vexyll
Having survived the ordeals of Atrexalon, Vexyll took several years of sabbatical and traveled in the guise of Kelly Seekerton, once more researching archeological sites for her own curiousity. After rejoining with Zephyr and the Occularis Exalartaris, she delved deeper in the mysteries of the Quinessahedrons. On one journey deep into the Tropics of Arabangan, she stumbled across an ancient cave containing script on the Ascendants final days, leading to the secret knowledge of how the Quintessahedrons were used to ascend to Godhood. Knowing the danger of such knowledge, she obliterated the cave, keeping the knowledge to herself, in the hopes that none may ever leverage the QHedrons again for such aspirations, knowing how it might draw the Ire of the Primogenitor.

Afterwards, she continues to serve as the Archmage of Antiquity and collaborates closely with Zephyr, Typhon, and Stroboghast. She ultimately decided to leave the Tarrasque in the Astral Sea, as it represents too great of a danger to Athendria for any one person to wield. She also uncovered the remains of the Shield Project from the ocean off Lysanor, and transported its remains to the Astral Arcanium for study.

Yuminar and Indra Daetoris
Kazbiel's siblings took different paths. Yuminar traveled the wilderness for many years and earned a reputation of his own as a competent mercenary and respected folk hero for slaying many dangerous beasts. He eventually faded into obscurity, opting for a comfortable life without public view.
Indra spent 20 years in the dungeons of Shelthalas. Following Kazbiel's Darkspire Accords and his vouching for her character against their evil mother and opportunity to betray her queen, she was allowed to leave for good behavior. Loyal to the Reznor to the end, she moved to Y'vatalos and spent the rest of her years earning her place among her people, determined to once again rise to the level of status she knew she deserved.

Vivian and Brad
Vivian, after many years adventuring with Yuminar and Brad, faded into obscurity. While her power is legendary and unmatched, she ultimately chose a life of solitude. To those close to her, it was rumored to the ruins of Seabend, and helped with the reestablishment of the coastal town. Braddogotir and Vivian built a simple establishment called the Ox's Rest Tavern, and lived out their days brewing mead and finding peace in building a community.

Soliana Dragonslayer
Returning to Avaricity, Soliana reasserted control over the Order of the Grasping Fist, with her fully empowered Dragonsbane after slaying so many of the Gemstone Dragons. The Mighty Blade resides in her vault, and she continues to oversee trade and seek out dragons to slay when the opportunities arise. She carries on her father's legacy, and is known far and wide as a shrewd businesswoman and hero.

Typhon
After many years working with Zephyr, Vexyll, and Stroboghast to rebuild Lysanor, Typhon eventually accepted the role of Archmage of Lysanor, freeing Zephyr from that obligation and leading the city with his passion and curiousity. He guided the city into an era of scholar pursuit and peace.

Sammiel, the Capricious Mistking
Sammiel was elevated to legendary status among the cloudgiants for his (inflated) role in saving Stjarnaheim. He also regularly parlayed with outsiders as the city moved along the Astral Highway, and helped Zephyr with her research. While many feared him and his somewhat arbitrary decisionmaking, on a whole he led his people to prosperity.

Old Silverhands
While victorious, Silverhands mourns the loss of his brother and the silver dragons summoned for the battle. He asked Ser to make two more, a young blue and silver dragon, for him to raise. He retreated to the farthest reaches of the Darkspires, where he intends to raise the brothers, in the way he and Byvorus never were.

The Rustbuckets
Having secured their airship, the Rustbuckets returned to New Uryopolis, where they plot to this day to expand the influnece of the Uryons across Athendria. With the Darkspire Accords, their plans to retaliate against the Reznor were foiled, but they have since adjusted their plans to make good on their vow of service to their people…

Demiurge, Rain, Janos and Avernus
Demiurge and Rain continued to operate out of the ruins of Thaumdural, furthering the interests of their master, Zagum. With the Blue Duke's power vacuum in Avernus, along with loss of Zariel, the forces of devilkind and demonkind restabilized in a status quo. As the lords of the Hells scrambled to gain a new foothold, Duke Janos and his forces gained control of the Mighty Servant, propelling them into a position of power within Avernus, and enriching Mammon ever more with the spoils of War and Zariel's abandoned assets. Demiurge sent Rain out into Athendria and some of the other realms, to research rumors of objects known as Quintessahedrons, to see if they might enrich his position with Zagum and fulfill his aspirations of power…

The Clones of Thariune
Dispersed by the watchful eye of the Archmages and the Graymoore Gang, the many clones of Thariune were gradually adopted and integrated into society. Most parents never learned of the clones origins, and many lived normal lives, their childhoods mostly locked away as traumatic memories or dreams.

For some of the eldest among them, however, Thariune's programming often surfaced. Many rebelled and fled their adoptive parents, seeking comradarie with the only people who could possibly understand them and their true nature: their brothers. A decade after the events of the Uprising of Lysanor, a small gathering of potent sorceror brothers joined together in a group known as the Blood of the Lion…


Vorros and Laurence
Vorros, after some further accrued debts and another couple years of indentured adventuring, gave up his gambling ways and went into the employ Laurence Ravillon, who had regained his status as a trade baron in Crystallia. Laurence regularly speaks with Kazbiel, and is proud to acknowledge him as his son.

King Razorclaw
The youngest king in Aeracrest's history, King Razorclaw lived up to the heavy expectations placed on his reign. With regular correspondance with Ser Primus and Kazbiel Daetoris, their wisdom aided his decisions and led to great prosperity among the Isles Gravitaas as the newly empowered floatstone allowed for substantial expansion and excavation of the islands. Depsite his troubled coronation, he thrived in his role and was known as one of the best kings of the Isles.

The End
Atrexalon wanders the Astral Sea, forever changed. Blinded and bound, he mourns the loss of his freedom, but he also embraces the tides of chaos as he flows through the mists. The Githyanki of the Astral Sea have seen the great dragon in their realm, and plot to approach it for negotiations.

In Graymoore, a commemorative statue was erected in the tavern, of four young heroes sitting around a table and drinking. It became a tourist attraction on the coast for its legacy in the story of the Ox, the Hollows, and the Graymoore Gang.

Our heroes, having saved the world from ruin, continued to live their best lives and continue their legacy in the realm to this day. Their struggles, bravery, and sacrifices will never be forgotten, and Athendria is forever changed for their time on this realm. In the following months, young dragonborn hatching from eggs began to display curious new patterns and gemstone hues, vibrant eyes and strange new abilities. Gemstone dragonborn now grow up in a forever changed world, as Gemstone dragons have returned to Athendria, mortal once more, joining their chromatic and metallic bretheren in the skies.

A toast. A toast to the Kaz, the Great Negotaitor, the Blue Duke; a toast to Zephyr, the Astromancer Supreme, a toast to Ser Primus, weilder of the Tabor and banisher of Atrexalon the Dragon God, and to the Arbiter of the Veil, Dhamiria Goldfeather. One final toast to the Graymoore Gang: defenders of the Midlands, vanquishers of the Ox, the rebels of Lysanor, the Dragon Dispellers, and the Heroes of Athendira. A toast to you all.